boy did that sound nice thank you so
much wedding
what a nice man my next guest is an
acclaimed singer songwriter from England
whose new CD is entitled Lud we'll find
you
please welcome and making his a network
television debut
Finley Brown
she
you always be my
need you
sheilo
love
you always be mine
thank you everybody thank you very much
how great was that Paul what do you
think
what a tremendous right song yes my kind
of event they Brown let a gentleman
loves o5u thank you very much for being
with us hope you enjoyed your debut and
that's it for tonight
Craig Ferguson is next unless he's been
moved I said anybody hurry still every
show carson daly's would be Carson Daly
we don't know good night everybody
my head hurts